*: init config for v8.1 (#17515)
pingcap/docs: releases/release-5.3.0.md

- The `GRANT ALL ON performance_schema.*` syntax is no longer permitted. If you execute this statement in TiDB, an error occurs.
- Fix the issue that auto-analyze is unexpectedly triggered outside the specified time period when new indexes are added before v5.3.0. In v5.3.0, after you set the time period through the `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time` variables, auto-analyze is triggered only during this time period.
- The default storage directory for plugins is changed from `""` to `/data/deploy/plugin`.

> - The DM code is migrated to [the folder "dm" in TiCDC code repository](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/tree/release-8.1/dm). Now DM follows TiDB in version numbers. Next to v2.0.x, the new DM version is v5.3.0, and you can upgrade from v2.0.x to v5.3.0 without any risk.

Author: ```suggestion
- The DM code is migrated to [the folder "dm" in TiCDC code repository](https://github.com/pingcap/tiflow/tree/release-5.3/dm). Now DM follows TiDB in version numbers. Next to v2.0.x, the new DM version is v5.3.0, and you can upgrade from v2.0.x to v5.3.0 without any risk.
```
